README.md, before:

![Logo](https://github.com/SHildebrandt4472/Public/blob/main/PyConnect_logo.jpg?raw=true)

# PyConnect in Python

This is a simple verison of the classic NewYork Times game "Connections" in Python. The game was created by Samuel Hildebrandt on 30/03/2024 for the Year 11 Software Engineering Task 1 assessment.

## How to Play

View the 4x4 grid of words from 4 catagories randomly mixed, and take a guess at finding the correct words in each catagory by entering the 4 numbers of the cells of the words you would like to guess.
Try to find all 4 four words in each of the 4 catagories.
You've only 4 incorrect guesses..
Good luck!!

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   https://github.com/SHildebrandt4472/Assessmernt

2. Navigate to the cloned repository

3. Run the game:
   connections.py

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

## License

[License](https://github.com/SHildebrandt4472/Assessmernt/blob/2d54f4022284d0cf219e869b8a317adac709359e/LICENSE)

Commit message:

clean up code, added more coments, added ascii art on welcome, made termcolor optional

README.md, after:

![Logo](https://github.com/SHildebrandt4472/Public/blob/main/PyConnect_logo.jpg?raw=true)

# PyConnect in Python

This is a simple verison of the classic NewYork Times game "Connections" in Python. The game was created by Samuel Hildebrandt on 30/03/2024 for the Year 11 Software Engineering Task 1 assessment.

## How to Play

View the 4x4 grid of words from 4 catagories randomly mixed, and take a guess at finding the correct words in each catagory by entering the 4 numbers of the cells of the words you would like to guess.
Try to find all 4 four words in each of the 4 catagories.
You've only 4 incorrect guesses..
Good luck!!

## Installation
Game instalations:
1. Clone the repository:
   https://github.com/SHildebrandt4472/Assessmernt

2. Navigate to the cloned repository

3. Run the game:
   connections.py

4. For a better game experience, install python package termcolor from:
https://pypi.org/project/termcolor/
## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

## License

[License](https://github.com/SHildebrandt4472/Assessmernt/blob/2d54f4022284d0cf219e869b8a317adac709359e/LICENSE)
